data/README.md, before:



raw data
========

Legacy survey data
------------------
Description of the brick positions and shapes:
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/survey-bricks.fits.gz

The sweeps for each of the areas of the survey:
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/north/sweep/8.0/legacysurvey_dr8_north_sweep_8.0.sha256sum
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/sweep/8.0/legacysurvey_dr8_south_sweep_8.0.sha256sum

The 0h region of LoTSS-DR2 uses the South area.

The actual data of the sweeps can be found here:
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/sweep/8.0/


unWISE data
-----------
The band merged data can be found here:
https://faun.rc.fas.harvard.edu/unwise/release/band-merged/

Sample data
===========
There are two sample catalogues in the samples directory: 
* 0016p272.cat.fits from unWISE
* sweep-000p025-010p030.fits from Legacy

The data is reduced from 1.4 GiB to 80 MiB to cover the same unWISE area in:
sweep-000p025-010p030-reduced.fits

Images
======

The survey images can be found in the Legacy survey including WISE.
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/coadd/???/????????/legacysurvey-????????-image.jpg
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/coadd/???/????????/legacysurvey-????????-model.jpg
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/coadd/???/????????/legacysurvey-????????-wise.jpg
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/coadd/???/????????/legacysurvey-????????-wisemodel.jpg

Commit message:

Download of unWISE data catalogues

data/README.md, after:



raw data
========

Legacy survey data
------------------
Description of the brick positions and shapes:
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/survey-bricks.fits.gz

The sweeps for each of the areas of the survey:
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/north/sweep/8.0/legacysurvey_dr8_north_sweep_8.0.sha256sum
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/sweep/8.0/legacysurvey_dr8_south_sweep_8.0.sha256sum

The 0h region of LoTSS-DR2 uses the South area.

The actual data of the sweeps can be found here:
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/sweep/8.0/


unWISE data
-----------
The band merged data can be found here:
https://faun.rc.fas.harvard.edu/unwise/release/band-merged/

A list of catalogues can be found in this file:
https://faun.rc.fas.harvard.edu/unwise/release/band-merged/md5sums

Sample data
===========
There are two sample catalogues in the samples directory: 
* 0016p272.cat.fits from unWISE
* sweep-000p025-010p030.fits from Legacy

The data is reduced from 1.4 GiB to 80 MiB to cover the same unWISE area in:
sweep-000p025-010p030-reduced.fits

Images
======

The survey images can be found in the Legacy survey including WISE.
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/coadd/???/????????/legacysurvey-????????-image.jpg
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/coadd/???/????????/legacysurvey-????????-model.jpg
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/coadd/???/????????/legacysurvey-????????-wise.jpg
https://portal.nersc.gov/project/cosmo/data/legacysurvey/dr8/south/coadd/???/????????/legacysurvey-????????-wisemodel.jpg
